feat(hardfork): add a new field "hardfork_features" to the return of RPC method "get_consensus" (#2879)
nervosnetwork/ckb: rpc/README.md

        * [Method `get_raw_tx_pool`](#method-get_raw_tx_pool)
    * [Module Stats](#module-stats)
        * [Method `get_blockchain_info`](#method-get_blockchain_info)

>         * [Method `get_features`](#method-get_features)

Reviewer: Better add to module chain.

Author: 👌

Return various consensus parameters.

##### Returns

> If any hardfork feature has `epoch=null`, it means the feature wouldn't be enabled forever.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any hardfork feature has `epoch=null`, it means the feature will never be activated.
```

### Type `HardForkFeature`

The information about one hardfork feature.

#### Fields

`HardForkFeature` is a JSON object with the following fields.

*   `rfc`: `string` - The related RFC ID.

> *   `epoch`: [`EpochNumber`](#type-epochnumber) `|` `null` - The first epoch when the feature is enabled.

Reviewer: Please explain what does `null` mean.

Reviewer 2: previously I misunderstood *epoch* as `EpochNumberWithFraction`, while it should actually be interpreted as `EpochNumber`. And sadly the underlying types of  `EpochNumberWithFraction` and `EpochNumber` are both `u64`.

I would suggest changing the name to *epoch_number*, to reduce ambiguity.
